docs: gRPC tutorial (#3013)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/installation.rst

Installation
============

Install 🍱 BentoML with your favourite package manager, alongside with whichever deep learning
library you are working with, and you are ready to go!

🍱 BentoML is distributed as a Python Package available `on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/bentoml/>`_.

* BentoML supports Linux/UNIX, Windows, and MacOS.
* BentoML requires Python 3.7 or above.

.. code-block::

>    pip install --user bentoml

Reviewer: What does `--user` do? Can it be further simplified to just `pip install bentoml`?

Author: If people are using `pip` as global python interpreter, `--user` ensure it doesn't install bentoml to global pip

Reviewer 2: I'm in favor of changing this to `pip install bentoml`. Does anybody else specifically suggest `--user`?

Reviewer: I'd recommend that we leave the advanced options out. Exactly how user wants to install is situational. We mainly want to talk users that bentoml is pip installable.

Author: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#user-installs

> Install using virtual environment

Reviewer: We may not need to educate the user to install with a virtual environment. BentoML should just be installed to their pre-existing environment where they do model training and development.

Author: I take a look at a bunch of installation guide from different pypi project, and seems that a lot of them recommend to use virtualenv, which is a good practice. But we feel that this is not needed, we can remove it.

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't; Pytorch / Tensorflow don't, and I think a mixed environment is honestly worse and possibly confusing.

Do you have specific projects in mind here?

Author: https://spacy.io/usage/#section-installation https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/installation#install-with-pip

---------------------------------

You should install BentoML in a `virtual environment <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`_. If you are not familar with virtual environment, refers to this
`guide <https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/>`_. Virtual environment are a great way to manage dependencies and
avoid compatibility issues among different projects.

Start create a virtual environment in your project directory

.. code-block:: bash

    python3 -m venv ./venv

.. tip::

   Alternatively, you can also use `virtualenv <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/>`_ that provides more features than the built-in venv module.

Activate the virtual environment:

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MacOS/UNIX

        .. code-block:: bash

            source ./venv/bin/activate

    .. tab-item:: Windows

        .. code-block:: powershell

            .\venv\Scripts\activate

Now, you can install BentoML via pip:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install bentoml

> Additional features

Reviewer: I still don't think "Additional Features" belongs in here. Think from a user's perspective, they come to the doc looking for installation instructions. At this time they have no intention or understanding of what installing additional feature mean. They will encounter this as they start using the features.

Author: I think that having an `Additional Features` section is helpful as our additional features are relatively complex.

I do understand the your viewpoint. Nonetheless I think this is still helpful for those who needs to install said features.

We can move it lower.

Reviewer: The installation page isn't how users should discover about the additional features. If you feel strong about including them here, I'd recommend that we add a separate "advanced installation" page.

Author: Having this section into a separate `advanced installation` doesn't make sense.

mlflow is doing this but just listing all of the options they can install

transformers are also doing the same with their additional deps

spacy is also listing all of the features in their installation guides.

I don't think this is that big of an issue. It would rather we expose here than just reference to just a separate page.

Installation
============

Install 🍱 BentoML with your favourite package manager, alongside with whichever deep learning
library you are working with, and you are ready to go!

🍱 BentoML is distributed as a Python Package available `on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/bentoml/>`_.

* 🍱 BentoML supports Linux/UNIX, Windows, and MacOS.

> * 🍱 BentoML is tested with and requires Python 3.7 and above.

Author: I'm hesitant to add that before the `install with pip` section since it is often discouraged to use global pip to install package

folder will and can be tested immediately.

.. dropdown:: For user using ``setuptools>=64.0.0``
   :icon: question

   BentoML uses `setuptools <https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/>`_ to build and
   package the project. Since ``setuptools>=64.0.0``, setuptools implemented `PEP 660 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0660/>`_, which changes the behavior of editable install in comparison with previous version of setuptools.

   Currently, BentoML is not compatible with this new behavior. To install BentoML in editable mode, you have to pass ``--config-settings editable_mode=compat`` to ``pip``.

   .. code-block:: bash

      pip install -e ".[grpc]" --config-settings editable_mode=compat

   See setuptools' `development mode guide <https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/development_mode.html>`_ for more information.

.. warning::

   You must not remove ``bentoml`` folder after installing in editable mode to keep using
   the library.

After that you can easily update your clone with the latest changes on ``main`` branch
with the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd bentoml
    git pull

> Install with conda

Author: Until we figure out a way to update the feedstock on conda, I think we should just put this as low as possible, and recomment users to install via pip.

For recommend user to use pip inside a conda environment is a bit of an oxymoron.

------------------

Install 🍱 BentoML with `conda <https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/>`_ via the `conda-forge <https://conda-forge.org/>`_ channel:

.. code-block:: bash

    conda install -c conda-forge bentoml

Deep learning frameworks integration
------------------------------------

BentoML provides first-class support for a list of :doc:`Deep learning frameworks <frameworks/index>`. In order to 
use these integration with BentoML, you will need to install its corresponding package.

> For example: :doc:`bentoml.tensorflow <frameworks/tensorflow>` module requires ``tensorflow`` package to be installed.

Author: noted.

Installation
============

🍱 BentoML is distributed as a Python Package available `on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/bentoml/>`_.
Install BentoML alongside with whichever deep learning library you are working with, and you are ready to go!

* BentoML supports Linux/UNIX, Windows, and MacOS.
* BentoML requires Python 3.7 or above.

.. code-block::

   pip install bentoml

> To install all additional features in BentoML, such as gRPC, S3 support, and more, you will need
> to install BentoML with ``all`` variant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install all additional features in BentoML, such as gRPC, S3 support, and more, use the ``all`` variant. Features can also be installed separate later.
```
